Update Resource reservation section (#24843)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/setup/production-environment/windows/intro-windows-in-kubernetes.md

#### Resource Reservations

##### Memory Reservations
Windows does not have an out-of-memory process killer as Linux does. Windows always treats all user-mode memory allocations as virtual, and pagefiles are mandatory. The net effect is that Windows won't reach out of memory conditions the same way Linux does, and processes page to disk instead of being subject to out of memory (OOM) termination. If memory is over-provisioned and all physical memory is exhausted, then paging can slow down performance.

> Keeping memory usage within reasonable bounds is possible with a two-step process. First, use the kubelet parameters `--kubelet-reserve` and/or `--system-reserve` to account for memory usage on the node (outside of containers). This reduces [NodeAllocatable](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/reserve-compute-resources/#node-allocatable)). 

Reviewer: Looks like we are missing second step

{{< note >}}
As you deploy workloads, use resource limits (must set only limits or limits must equal requests) on containers. This also subtracts from NodeAllocatable and prevents the scheduler from adding more pods once a node is full.
{{< /note >}}

A best practice to avoid over-provisioning is to configure the kubelet with a system reserved memory of at least 2GB to account for Windows, Docker, and Kubernetes processes.

##### CPU Reservations
To account for Windows, Docker and other Kubernetes host processes it is recommended to reserve a percentage of CPU so they are able to respond to events. This value needs to be scaled based on the number of CPU cores available on the Windows node.To determine this percentage a user should identify the maximum pod density for each of their nodes and monitor the CPU usage of the system services choosing a value that meets their workload needs.

> Keeping CPU usage within reasonable bounds is possible with a two-step process. First, use the kubelet parameters `--kubelet-reserve` and/or `--system-reserve` to account for CPU usage on the node (outside of containers). This reduces [NodeAllocatable](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/reserve-compute-resources/#node-allocatable)). 

Reviewer: same here

### Limitations

Windows is only supported as a worker node in the Kubernetes architecture and component matrix. This means that a Kubernetes cluster must always include Linux master nodes, zero or more Linux worker nodes, and zero or more Windows worker nodes.

#### Resource Handling

 Linux cgroups are used as a pod boundary for resource controls in Linux. Containers are created within that boundary for network, process and file system isolation. The cgroups APIs can be used to gather cpu/io/memory stats. In contrast, Windows uses a Job object per container with a system namespace filter to contain all processes in a container and provide logical isolation from the host. There is no way to run a Windows container without the namespace filtering in place. This means that system privileges cannot be asserted in the context of the host, and thus privileged containers are not available on Windows. Containers cannot assume an identity from the host because the Security Account Manager (SAM) is separate.

> #### Resource Reservations

Reviewer 2: Kubernetes has _requests_ and _limits_. Which of these are we discussing?

Author: The resource I am talking about are CPU, memory on the node, usually the values we reserve for resources are subtracted from allocatable on the node.

##### Memory Reservations

> Windows does not have an out-of-memory process killer as Linux does. Windows always treats all user-mode memory allocations as virtual, and pagefiles are mandatory. The net effect is that Windows won't reach out of memory conditions the same way Linux does, and processes page to disk instead of being subject to out of memory (OOM) termination. If memory is over-provisioned and all physical memory is exhausted, then paging can slow down performance.

Reviewer 3: over-provisioned or over-committed?

> Keeping memory usage within reasonable bounds is possible using the kubelet parameters `--kubelet-reserve` and/or `--system-reserve` to account for memory usage on the node (outside of containers). This reduces [NodeAllocatable](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/reserve-compute-resources/#node-allocatable)). 

Reviewer 3: It would be desirable to call out the kubelet config fields that are equivalent to the kubelet flags considering that the command line flags are all deprecating.

{{< note >}}
As you deploy workloads, use resource limits (must set only limits or limits must equal requests) on containers. This also subtracts from NodeAllocatable and prevents the scheduler from adding more pods once a node is full.
{{< /note >}}

> A best practice to avoid over-provisioning is to configure the kubelet with a system reserved memory of at least 2GB to account for Windows, Docker, and Kubernetes processes.

Reviewer 3: over-committing or over-provisioning?

Author: They can be used interchangeable in the case. I am reusing the text we already have

##### CPU Reservations

> To account for Windows, Docker and other Kubernetes host processes it is recommended to reserve a percentage of CPU so they are able to respond to events. This value needs to be scaled based on the number of CPU cores available on the Windows node.To determine this percentage a user should identify the maximum pod density for each of their nodes and monitor the CPU usage of the system services choosing a value that meets their workload needs.

Reviewer 3: > To determine this percentage a user should identify the maximum pod density for each of their nodes and monitor the CPU usage of the system services choosing a value that meets their workload needs.

This sentence needs some grammar tweaks?

Reviewer 2: Is this a Windows specific detail? (How is system overhead different from typical, Linux-hosted Kubernetes)?

I'm asking because if there isn't a difference we should hyperlink to the docs on that topic, rather than making the same point.

Author: In case of Windows since there are no cgroups the resources will not be allocated to system reserved but they would just be subtracted from node allocatable.

> Keeping CPU usage within reasonable bounds is possible using the kubelet parameters `--kubelet-reserve` and/or `--system-reserve` to account for CPU usage on the node (outside of containers). This reduces [NodeAllocatable](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/reserve-compute-resources/#node-allocatable)). 

Reviewer 3: Extra ')' at the end of the sentence.

* The existing node problem detector is Linux-only and requires privileged containers. In general, we don't expect this to be used on Windows because privileged containers are not supported
* Not all features of shared namespaces are supported (see API section for more details)

##### Resource Reservations and Handling

> ###### Memory Reservations

Reviewer 3: Having H6 in the doc might be terrible. Please rethink if this is absolutely necessary.

Author: I am fine changing it, do you have any suggestions?

Reviewer 2: How about a separate page in the reference section about Windows limitations & differences?

Reviewer 4: @sftim Right now all of supported functionality, limitations, and troubleshooting are on the same page. Would should we split these out into 3 additional pages? I think it might not read a smoothly just moving limitations to separate page

Reviewer 2: Maybe move troubleshooting to its own page then, inside https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/

Author: Do we have conclusion here? I am fine either way but I'd prefer limiting to a single page.

Reviewer 2: @ravisantoshgudimetla troubleshooting a Windows node seems like a stand-alone task; do you think that split works?

Author: It might work but I am not in favor of that as part of this PR unless it is absolutely needed.

Reviewer 2: OK. Another tack. Line 237 reads `#### Compute`. How about changing that heading to cover resources in general, and then the `###### CPU Reservations` heading need only be a level 5 heading?

This would also mean moving `##### Operating System Restrictions` later in the document.

Author: I am fine doing that, I'll create a separate PR for that.

@marosset WDYT?

Reviewer 4: Sounds good to me.
Let me know if you need any help here.

Windows does not have an out-of-memory process killer as Linux does. Windows always treats all user-mode memory allocations as virtual, and pagefiles are mandatory. The net effect is that Windows won't reach out of memory conditions the same way Linux does, and processes page to disk instead of being subject to out of memory (OOM) termination. If memory is over-provisioned and all physical memory is exhausted, then paging can slow down performance.

> Keeping memory usage within reasonable bounds is possible with a two-step process. First, use the kubelet parameters `--kubelet-reserve` and/or `--system-reserve` to account for memory usage on the node (outside of containers). This reduces [NodeAllocatable](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/reserve-compute-resources/#node-allocatable)). As you deploy workloads, use resource limits (must set only limits or limits must equal requests) on containers. This also subtracts from NodeAllocatable and prevents the scheduler from adding more pods once a node is full.

Reviewer: @marosset and I also discussed pulling and a bigger emphasis on the `(limits must equal requests)`  by pulling it out into a `Note` section.  We see a lot of folks over subscribe their clusters and get into a bad state due to this. By making it more prominent in the documentation it would help. Seems like this would be a good PR to do that in.

Author: I am fine doing that but over subscription is a problem with Linux too are we recommending not to do it at all for Windows?

Reviewer: For memory we are recommending that it is not over subscribed since there are not things like OOM.  

For CPU, I think the idea was to provide some guidance in that direction since we are seeing the nodes become unresponsive in the over subscription scenarios.  I am not familiar enough what happens on the Linux side.

A best practice to avoid over-provisioning is to configure the kubelet with a system reserved memory of at least 2GB to account for Windows, Docker, and Kubernetes processes.

###### CPU Reservations

> To account for Windows, Docker and other Kubernetes host processes it is recommended to reserve a percentage of CPU so they are able to respond to events. This value needs to be scaled based on the number of CPU cores available on the Windows node.To determine this percentage a user should identify the maximum pod density for each of their nodes and monitor the CPU usage of the system services choosing a value that meets there workload needs.

Reviewer: I just noticed that we should specify that they should add a the value to `--system-reserve`  and mention it removes from `nodeallocatable` like the memory reservation section above to be clear

Reviewer 5: good catch James. a nit change is to replace there with their in this sentence `CPU usage of the system services choosing a value that meets there workload needs`

> ###### Difference in behavior of flags when compared to Linux

Reviewer 2: Could this merge with the existing section headed “Operating System Restrictions”?

Keeping memory usage within reasonable bounds is possible with a two-step process. First, use the kubelet parameters `--kubelet-reserve` and/or `--system-reserve` to account for memory usage on the node (outside of containers). This reduces [NodeAllocatable](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/reserve-compute-resources/#node-allocatable)). As you deploy workloads, use resource limits (must set only limits or limits must equal requests) on containers. This also subtracts from NodeAllocatable and prevents the scheduler from adding more pods once a node is full.

A best practice to avoid over-provisioning is to configure the kubelet with a system reserved memory of at least 2GB to account for Windows, Docker, and Kubernetes processes.

###### CPU Reservations

> It is better to configure the kubelet with a system reserved CPU of 500m to account for Windows, Docker and other Kubernetes processes. Please note that the 500m value needs to be scaled based on the number of CPU cores available on the Windows node.

Author: Should I mention to start with 500m explicitly?

Reviewer: I don't think so.  This number will vary with the size of vm and works loads. This should be a percentage but I don't know that we have good numbers to suggest at this time.  We can advise to monitor the usage and update according and we should look at generating tests such as http://node-perf-dash.k8s.io/#/builds that would help identify these numbers

Author: I was thinking the same but I saw you giving 500m on aks so thought it was a reasonable start. However I am fine changing it to the paragraph you suggested.

> It is better to configure the kubelet with a system reserved CPU of 500m to account for Windows, Docker and other Kubernetes processes. Please note that the 500m value needs to be scaled based on the number of CPU cores available on the Windows node.

Reviewer: Maybe something like:

```suggestion
To account for Windows, Docker and other Kubernetes host processes it is recommended to reserve a percentage of CPU so they are able to respond to events. This value needs to be scaled based on the number of CPU cores available on the Windows node.  To determine this percentage a user should identified the maximum pod density for each of their nodes and monitor the CPU usage of the system services choosing a value that meets there workload needs.
```

Author: Thank you @jsturtevant for providing the content.

> To account for Windows, Docker and other Kubernetes host processes it is recommended to reserve a percentage of CPU so they are able to respond to events. This value needs to be scaled based on the number of CPU cores available on the Windows node.  To determine this percentage a user should identified the maximum pod density for each of their nodes and monitor the CPU usage of the system services choosing a value that meets there workload needs.

Reviewer 5: replace identified with `identify`

* The existing node problem detector is Linux-only and requires privileged containers. In general, we don't expect this to be used on Windows because privileged containers are not supported
* Not all features of shared namespaces are supported (see API section for more details)

> #### Difference in behavior of flags when compared to Linux

Reviewer: did we include the new --windows-priority flag in this PR or separate pr?

Author: Separate [PR](https://github.com/kubernetes/website/pull/24954)

* V1.PodSecurityContext.SupplementalGroups - provides GID, not available on Windows
* V1.PodSecurityContext.Sysctls - these are part of the Linux sysctl interface. There's no equivalent on Windows.

> #### Operating System Restrictions

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#### Operating System Version Restrictions
```
